c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\SirketOtomasyon2.exe.config
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\SirketOtomasyon2.exe
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\SirketOtomasyon2.pdb
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v18.2.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v18.2.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v18.2.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v18.2.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v18.2.Core.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v18.2.Core.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v18.2.Core.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v18.2.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v18.2.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v18.2.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v18.2.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v18.2.Core.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v18.2.Core.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v18.2.Core.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Data.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Data.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Data.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Data.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Utils.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Utils.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraBars.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraBars.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraBars.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraBars.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Printing.v18.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Printing.v18.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v18.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v18.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Sparkline.v18.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Sparkline.v18.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Sparkline.v18.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Sparkline.v18.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Pdf.v18.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Pdf.v18.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Pdf.v18.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Pdf.v18.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\obj\Debug\SirketOtomasyon2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\obj\Debug\SirketOtomasyon2.Form1.resources
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\obj\Debug\SirketOtomasyon2.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\obj\Debug\SirketOtomasyon2.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\obj\Debug\SirketOtomasyon2.exe.licenses
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\obj\Debug\SirketOtomasyon2.exe
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\obj\Debug\SirketOtomasyon2.pdb
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\obj\Debug\SirketOtomasyon2.FrmPesonelEkle.resources
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\obj\Debug\SirketOtomasyon2.FrmPersonelListele.resources
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\obj\Debug\SirketOtomasyon2.FrmYPersonelEkle.resources
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v18.2.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v18.2.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v18.2.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v18.2.Core.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v18.2.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v18.2.Core.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Images.v18.2.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v18.2.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v18.2.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v18.2.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v18.2.Core.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v18.2.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v18.2.Core.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.RichEdit.v18.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.RichEdit.v18.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.RichEdit.v18.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.RichEdit.v18.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Office.v18.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Office.v18.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Office.v18.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Office.v18.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\obj\Debug\SirketOtomasyon2.FrmYetkiliPersonelListesi.resources
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v18.2.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v18.2.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\obj\Debug\SirketOtomasyon2.FrmPcEkle.resources
C:\Users\Lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v18.2.Core.dll
C:\Users\Lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v18.2.dll
C:\Users\Lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v18.2.xml
C:\Users\Lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v18.2.Core.xml
C:\Users\Lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v18.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v18.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v18.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v18.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v18.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v18.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v18.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v18.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\obj\Debug\SirketOtomasyon2.FrmParcaEkle.resources
C:\Users\Lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\obj\Debug\SirketOtomasyon2.FrmParcaStokGoruntule.resources
C:\Users\Lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\obj\Debug\SirketOtomasyon2.FrmPcStokGoruntule.resources
C:\Users\Lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SirketOtomasyon2\SirketOtomasyon2\obj\Debug\SirketOtomasyon2.FrmLogin.resources
